fix(curriculum/ python): italicize definition case convertor project (#55180)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657f425dbab54e11993c80f0.md

# --description--

> So far, in this project you have not seen any usage of list comprehensions whatsoever.  To see how List Comprenhensions can make your code more concise and readable, you will now begin the transition from a `for` loop to a list comprehension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So far, in this project you have used a `for` loop to iterate over your input string and convert it into the desired output. Now you'll begin the transition from a `for` loop to a list comprehension.
```
